Select items are a little bit more complex than some of the other ones that
we've looked at here because it's actually nested elements.
You have an outer select element, and then you have
the nested element options tags.
There's a couple of ways that we can do this,
but I'm going to show you an easy way.
The non easy way would be as if we got this select element first. And then
from there, we would select elements inside it to get all the options, and
then we selected that option that we wanted.
That's not extremely difficult, but we can use another library in
Selenium in order to make this even easier so that we can select
by value or by text quite easily. Let's go ahead and see how we can do that.